{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f39\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f40\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f49\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f50\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f53\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f379\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f380\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f382\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f383\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f386\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Tur;}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \sqformat Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3174200\rsid10971889\rsid14553880}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info
{\operator Shaddy}{\creatim\yr2011\mo6\dy19\hr20\min38}{\revtim\yr2011\mo12\dy24\hr23\min59}{\version4}{\edmins49}{\nofpages26}{\nofwords13321}{\nofchars75935}{\nofcharsws89078}{\vern32773}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/20
03/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves1\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot14553880 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid3174200 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Guys}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid10971889 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 , if you are attending an interview, y
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ou have to know these questions and answers by heart, must be very fluent in answering these questions. Practice in front of the mirror, loud and clear (talk to yourself). Most of the time, when we read the questions, we feel good and feel comfortable, bu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the reality is, at the time of the interview, even though we feel we have the knowledge, can\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
t express it well. It may sound a little rough, but this is my experience. When we come out the door, we regret. If you cannot remember these by heart, trust me,\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 it may not work. Therefore, let
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s not regret.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 HERE ARE THE QUESTIONS:
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1. Can you tell me about yourself?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: In my QA career, I have been working on various system platforms and operating systems like Windows 95, Windows 2000, Windows XP and UNIX\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
. I have tested applications developed in Java, C++, Visual Basic and so on. I have tested Web-based applications as well as client server applications.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 As a QA person, I have written Test Plans, Test Cases, attended walkthrough meetings with the Business \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Analysts, Project Managers, Business Managers and QA Leads. I have attended requirement review meetings and provided feedback to the Business Analysts. I have worked in different databases like Oracle and DB2, wrote SQL queries to retrieve data from the d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tabase. As far as different types of testing is concerned, I have performed Smoke Testing, Functional Testing, Backend Testing, Black Box Testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing and UAT (User Acceptance Testing) Testing. I have participated in Lo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d Testing and Stress Testing.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
I have written defects as they are found using ClearQuest and TestDirector. Once the defects were fixed, retested them and if the passed, closed them. If the defects were not fixed, then reopened them. I have also attended the
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  defect assessment meetings as necessary.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 In the meantime, a continuous interaction with developers was necessary.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 This is pretty much what I have been doing as a QA person.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2. What did you do in your last project?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: In my last project, the appli\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cation was a web-based application developed in Java platform. As a QA Person, I wrote Test Plans from the requirement documents and Use Cases. I performed Smoke Testing, Functional Testing, Backend Testing, Black Box Testing, Integration Testing, Regress
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
on Testing and UAT (User Acceptance Testing). I have participated in Load Testing and Stress Testing. I attended several walkthrough meetings for requirement reviews and provided feedback to the Business Analysts. Mostly, I was in the backend testing, whi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h required writing SQL queries directly to the database.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Besides these, I wrote defects using ClearQuest. Once the defects were fixed, retested them and if the passed, closed them. If the defects were not fixed, then reopened them.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3. Have you written Test Plan? What is a Test Plan? What does it include?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Yes.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is a Test Plan?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: A Test Plan is a document that describes the scope, approach, resources, and schedule of intended testing activities. It identifies test\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 items, the features to be tested, the testing tasks and who will do each task (roles and responsibilities) and any risks and its solutions.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Click here to see how the Test Plan looks like.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What does it include?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: A Test Plan includes Heading, Revi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sion History, Table of Contents, Introduction, Scope, Approach, Overview, different types of testing that will be carried out, what software and hardware will be required, issues, risks, assumptions and sign off section.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4. Have you written Test Cases? A\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nswer: Yes.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is a Test Case? What does it include?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: A Test Case is a document that describes step-by-step process how to test the application. A Test Case includes Test Case ID, Steps Description, Expected Output, Actual Output, Pass/Fail, and
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Remarks. (Remember, this is NOT a part of Test Plan. It is a separate document written using Excel. In some companies, they use Rational TestManager or TestDirector. But for companies, who do not have these tools, use Excel sheet. In t he example below, 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t is in the Excel sheet)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Did you use any tools to write Test Cases?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Yes. I have used TestDirector (now called QualityCenter) and Rational TestManager to write Test Cases. However, in most of the companies, I used Excel sheet.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Click here t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o see a sample Test Case.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 How many Test Cases did you write in your last project?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: I wrote about 1100 Test Cases in my last project. (The reasonable number of Test Cases varies from 500 to thousands. The number 1100 tes\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t cases can be completed in 6-month project duration).
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What document did you refer to write the Test Cases?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Requirement document. (NOTE: It can also be Use Cases, or Design Document. It depends company to company. In some company, they use Use \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Cases. In some companies, they use Requirement Documents and in companies, they use Design Document. However, in practical scenario, most of the companies have requirement document at least).
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid14553880 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid10971889 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5. Did you have a situation where you did not have any documen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ts (no requirement document, no Use Cases, or no Design Document) and you had to write the Test Cases? How did you write the Test Cases in this situation?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Yes. I have been to that kind of scenarios several times. There were companies where they h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ad no documents at all. In that case, I had to discuss the application scenario and functionalities with the Business Analysts or developer. On the basis of that discussion, I prepared a document in consultation with Business Analysts and Developers and t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 en started writing Plans and Test Cases.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6. What you worked with Use Cases before?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Yes. I have written Test Cases using Use Cases.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Can you tell me what a Use Case is?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: A use case is a document that describes the user action and s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ystem response for a particular functionality. Click here to see how a Use Case looks like.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7. What is SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle)?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) is the process of developing software through business needs, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
analysis, design, implementation and maintenance. Software has to go through various phases before it is born which are as follows:
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (i)Generating a Concept \hich\f1 \endash \loch\f1  A concept comes from the users of the software. For example, a Pizza Hut may need software to sel\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
l pizza. An Indian store may need software to sell its newly arrived movies or grocery. The owner of the company feels that he needs software that would help him in tracking his expenses and income as well as enhance the selling process. This is how the c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ncept is generated. The owner will specifically tell the software company what kind of software he would need. In other words, he will specify his requirements.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (ii) Requirements analysis \hich\f1 \endash \loch\f1  After the owner (user) knows his requirements, then it is given to\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 a software team (company) who will analyze the requirement and prepare requirement document that will explain every functionality that are needed by the owner. The requirement document will be the main document for developers, testers and database admini
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
trators. In other words, this is the main document that will be referred by everyone. After the requirement documents, other detailed documents many be needed. For example, the architectural design which is a blueprint for the design with the necessary sp
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cifications for the hardware, software, people and data resources.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (iii) Development: After the detailed requirement documents (some companies have design documents instead of requirement documents), the developers start writing their code (program) for th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eir modules. On the other hand, the testers in the QA (Quality Assurance) Department start writing Test Plans (one module=1 test plan), test cases and get ready for testing.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (iv) Testing: Once the code (programs) are ready, they are compiled together and t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o make a build. This build is now tested by the software testers (QA Testers)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (v) Production: After testing, the application (software) goes into production (meaning, it will be handed over to the owner).
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (vi) End: And one day, the owner will have say bye \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
to the software either because the business grows and this software does not meet the demand or for some reason, the he does not need the software. That\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s the end of it.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8. What is Business Requirement Document (BRD)?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: It is a document that desc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ribes the details of the application functionalities which is required by the user. This document is written by the Business Analysts.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9. What is Business Design Document?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: It is the document that describes the application functionalities of the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 user in detail. This document has the further details of the Business Requirement Document. This is a very crucial step in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Sometimes the Business Requirement Document and Business Design Document can be lumped toge
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 her to make only one Business Requirement Document.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 10. What is a Module?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: A \hich\f1 \lquote \loch\f1 Module\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1  is a software component that has a specific task. It can be a \hich\f1 \lquote \loch\f1 link\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
, which can go inside to its component detail. (This is NOT a very common question for the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 interview. This is just for your knowledge, if you don\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t know what a module is.)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 11. What is walk-through meeting?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Once the Business Analysts complete the requirement document, they call a meeting to explain how the functionalities work, what t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he process is in the designed application and other details. The Business Analysts explain the high level functionalities of the application (software) that is going to the built. The participant members in the meeting may provide feed back and various po
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nt of views are expressed. This is walk-through meeting.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 12. What is a Use Case and what does it include?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: A Use Case is a document that describes the user action and system response for a particular functionality. It includes cover page, Revisi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
on History, Table of Contents, Flow of Events (normal flow and alternative flow), Exceptions, Special Requirements, Pre-conditions and Post-conditions. Click here to see how a Use Case looks like.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 13. What is Build?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: When each of the different m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 odules of software is prepared, the Configuration Management Team (CMT) puts them in a single folder and it is called the \hich\f1 \lquote \loch\f1 Build
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 . . (This is NOT a very common question for the interview. This is just for your knowledge, if you don\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t know what a build is.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Click here to see how the build is prepared.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 14. What does the Build Deployment mean?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: When the Build so prepared by the CMT (Configuratio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n Management Team), it is deployed (put) to different Test Environments, it is called the Build Deployment.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 15. What is Test Strategy?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: A Test Strategy is a document that describes the test efforts, test configuration, testing tools to be employ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ed, test environments, exit criteria and entry criteria for testing, what different types of testing will be carried out (for example, smoke test, regression, load test, functional test and so on) types of testing to be carried out and system requirement.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 The Test Manager or Lead writes it. (Remember, the Tester does NOT write Test Strategy. A Tester writes Test Plans and Test Cases)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Click here to see how a Test Strategy looks like
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 16. Are Test Plan and Test Strategy same type of documents?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: No, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
they are different documents. A Test Plan is a document that collects and organizes test cases by functional areas and/or types of testing in a form that can be presented to the other teams and/or customer (see the definition on this page for Test Plan) w
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ere as the Test Strategy (see the definition in the above question) is the documented approach to testing. The tester prepares test Plan whereas the Manager or lead prepares the Test Strategy. Both are important pieces of Quality Assurance processes since
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 they help communicate the test approach scope and ensure test coverage while improving the efficiency of the testing effort.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 17. What does Test Strategy include?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: It includes introduction, Test Objectives, Test Process, Test Methodology, Test Sc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ope, Release Criteria for Testing (exit criteria), Test Lab configuration, resource and schedule for test activities, acceptance criteria, test environment, test tools, test priorities, test planning, executing a test pass and types of test to be performe
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 18. What are different types of software testing and define them?Answer: Different types of testing are:
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1) Unit testing
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2) Shakeout testing
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3) Smoke testing (Ad-hoc testing)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4) Functional testing
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 5) Integration testing
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 6) Regression testing
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 7) System\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  testing
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8) Load testing
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 9) Stress testing
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 10) Performance testing
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 11) User acceptance testing
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 12) Black box testing
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 13) White box testing
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 14) Alpha testing
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 15) Beta testing
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (Note: Except the Shakeout testing and Unit testing (which are respectively done by the CMT (Configuration Management Team) and Coder/Developer), all other testing are done by the QA tester.)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is Unit testing? It is a test to check the code whether it \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 is properly working or not as per the requirement.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is Shakeout testing?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 This test is basically carried out to check the networking facility, database connectivity and the integration of modules. The Configuration Management team, who prepare builds fo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r test environments, normally does this test. They also test whether the major components of the software are not broken. This test is done BEFORE the build is deployed in the test environment. After the shake out testing, the next step is smoke testing (
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 hich is done by the testers after the build is deployed in the test environment)
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is smoke testing? This test is done when the build is just prepared (fresh build) and deployed in the test environments. This is basically an ad hoc test to check roughl\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y to make sure the major functionalities are not broken. It is the preliminary a test carried out by the QA tester. After the smoke test, the testers perform functional testing.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is Functional testing? It is a test to check whether each and every funct\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ion of that application is working as per the requirement (remember this work \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
as per requirement document\'94\loch\f1 -you must say this in the interview). It is a major test where 80% of the tests are done. In this test, the Test Cases are executed (or run).
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Integration testing? It is a test to check whether all the modules are combined together or not and working successfully as specified in the requirement document. (Just for your information: Each developer works on different modules. When they finish the
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
r code, the configuration management team puts them together and prepares a build. We, as testers, need to make sure that these modules, which are now combined, work as per requirement document)
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is Regression testing? When a new functionality is adde\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d to the software, we need to make sure that the added new functionality does not break the other parts of the application. Or when defects (bugs) are fixed, we need to make sure that the bug fix has not broken the other parts of the application. To test 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 his, we perform a repetitive test, which is called regression test.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is System testing? When testers complete testing (The testers test the application in the test environments, meaning they test with the test data only, NOT with the real data), the ap\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
plication (software) has to be tested in the real environment. What it means is, since the testers test it in the test environment with the test data, we have to make sure that the application works well in the real environment with the real data. In test
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
environment, some of the things cannot be simulated or tested. Al though the test environment is very similar to the production (real) environment, we need to make sure that we get a smooth delivery in the real system as well (As servers are different and
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 database is different, things may not work as expected when the application is moved from test environment to production environment)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is Load testing? It is a test to check the user\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s response time for number of users using any one scenario (single bu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
siness process) of the same application at the same time.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is Performance testing? It is a test to check the user\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s response time for number of users using multiple scenarios (multiple business process) of the same application at the same time.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (Did yo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u notice the difference between Load Testing and Performance testing? What is it? See the highlighted bold letters)
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is Stress testing? In this type of testing the application is tested against heavy load such as complex numerical values, large number\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 of inputs, large number of queries etc. which checks for the stress/load the applications can withstand.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is User acceptance testing (UAT)? In this type of testing, the software is handed over to the user in order to find out if the software meets th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e user expectations and works as it is expected to. In this testing, the tester may do the testing or the clients may have their own testers (For example, banks may have their own teller employees who can test the application).
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is Black box testing?\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 It is test where a tester performs testing without looking into the code. (OR it is a testing method where the application under test is viewed as a black box and the internal behavior of the program is completely ignored. Testing occurs based upon the e
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 x\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ternal specifications. Also known as behavioral testing, since only the external behavior of the program is evaluated and analyzed.)
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is White box testing? It is a test where a tester looks into the code and performs the testing.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
What is Alpha testing? In this type of testing, the users are invited at the development center where they use the application and the developers note every particular input or action carried out by the user. Any type of abnormal behavior of the system is
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 noted and rectified by the developers.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is Beta testing? In this type of testing, the software is distributed as a beta version to the users and users test the application at their sites. As the users explore the software, in case if any exception/def
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ect occurs that is reported to the developers.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 19. What is the difference between Load Testing and Performance Testing?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Basically Load, Stress and Performance Testing are the same. However, Load testing is the test to check the users\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1  response \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
time of number of users of any one scenario of the application whereas Performance Testing is the test to check the user response time for multiple scenario of the same application.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 20. What was the process of QA testing in your company where you worked \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 for the last time? (Or As far as the QA process is involved, what was the testing process in your company?)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: The QA testing process that was followed in my last company where I worked was as follows:
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 First of all the Business Requirement Document \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 was prepared as per the client\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s requirement (with the muck-up). Then on the basis of the requirement document, QA Team wrote Test Plans, Test Cases and Test Strategies. The developers started coding their modules (started programming). Once the developer\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 finished coding, the Configuration Management Team compiled the code together and prepared a build. This Build is now deployed to different testing environments where different types of testing were performed. Once the defects were found, the testers wou
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d log the defect using the tools available (like TestDirecotor, ClearQuest and so on. For the companies who cannot afford these expensive tools, they can use Excel sheet as well). Once the defects are logged, then those defects would be discussed in the d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 fect status meeting and would take further actions (meaning, closing, reopening, retesting of defects etc).
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 21. What is Change Control?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: It is a document that describes the additional functionalities that are added after the Business Requireme\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nt Document is signed off. It can be updated in the old business requirement document or it can be a separate document. (For example, in the Business Requirement Document, on the login page, there are User Name and Password fields. The owner of the softwa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 e wants to add, \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 If you do not have User Name and Password, please click here.\'94\loch\f1 
 This is a change. But this change came after the document is signed off by the Project Managers. Now this is a change control and comes as a separate document. (It is also cal\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ed Change Request, Modification Request).
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 22. Have you written Change Control?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Answer: Yes. There was a situation where in one page of an application in my previous project, when the user clicked \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Contact\'94\loch\f1  link, it would pop up a different window (new 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 separate window). But it was NOT the way it was described in the requirement document. In the requirement document, when the user clicks \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Contact\'94\loch\f1 
 link, then it should navigate to another page (Not a separate new window. Then was it a problem? Functionali\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
y wise, it was NOT a problem, however, on all the other pages, when the user clicked \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Contact\'94\loch\f1 
 link, the system would navigate to next page (not a separate window). So, it was NOT CONSISTENT with the other functionalities on the other pages. Therefore, it\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
was a consistency issue. I reported this as a bug. But the Project Manager asked me to write it as a Change Control (because it requires more budget to fix this issue) so that he can address this issue at a later time. So I wrote this as a Change Control.
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (However, it is NOT a job of a tester to write change control. It\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s the business analyst\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s job)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 23. What is Backend Testing?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: It is a test to check whether the data displayed in the GUI front-end matches with the particular data in the backend.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 24. Have you done any Backend Testing and/or if you did, how did you do it in your last project?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Yes. I have done backend testing. When I was working in my last project, this was my scenario of backend testing:
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 I was working on Reports. It was the scenario of testing one application used in the bank, where a customer comes to a bank\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s front desk, the bank teller is requested to open a Checking Account. The associate then asks for the personal information about t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e customer, which, are the primary data, such as: First Name, Last Name, Date of Birth, Address and Social Security Number. The associate then puts these primary data of that particular customer into the computer, which then afterwards batch-processed (no
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mally happens in the middle of the nigh). Now, after the batch process, the information of that customer goes into the central database in the XML format. The data now from the database goes to ETL (Extract-Transform-Load). (ETL is a tool made by two comp
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nies \hich\f1 \lquote \loch\f1 AbInitio\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1  and \hich\f1 \lquote \loch\f1 Informatica\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
) ETL now processes the job to create a file (output file) to produce the report. The file is now displayed in the GUI Front End report with the help of Business Object (or Crystal Reports. These are tools that display dat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 in GUI format). In the GUI Front End report, let us say, if for January, the deposit of that person was displayed as $ 900.00. Then my job was to validate whether this $900 is correct or not. I validated this data by writing SQL queries directly to the d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 tabase. The data pulled from my SQL query should match to the data in the GUI front end. In other words, my SQL query should also display $900. If it matches, it is well and good. If it doesn
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t, then it\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s a bug. This is how I have done my Back End Testing.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 How can you be sure that the query you wrote is correct? Or how do you know that the data you pulled from the database is correct?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: I write SQL query based on the requirement document. In the requirement document, various conditions are given f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
or the query. Based on those conditions, I write SQL query. Therefore, anything different from the requirement document is definitely a defect.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 25. From you resume, I see that you have been working in one place for a very short period of time. This raise\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s me questions why. Can you explain why?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: As a consultant, I am hired for a certain period of time (for project duration only), normally for 6 months to 1 year. Once the project is over, I needed to move to another project. That\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s why you see me i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n the resume jumping frequently here and there.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 26. What is done on the first day of the work?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: On the first day, the Manager will come to receive at the lobby. He/she will welcome you; tell where you will be sitting. The next thing will be will\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 show you login name and password and they want to make sure that the login name and password works so that you can use your computer. Then the Manager will tell you where the documents are located in the network drive (or shared drive, or ClearCase, or S
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 arepoint\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 
different companies use different software for this purpose). Once you find the documents, then you will ask them what you will be working on what are the related documents that you should read. You start reading the documents, which lasts normal
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y one week or more.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 27. What do you do on the job every day? What is the first thing you go when you go to work on a day? (What is your routine job?)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Go to work, have a cup of coffee (coffee is free in any work place), then check emails. I will\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 check in my calendar whether there is any meeting for the day. If there is anything urgent work that needs to take care of, then I will start with that job. Otherwise, I will start what is left from yesterday on a priority basis.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (This question was asked \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 to one of my friends while he was attending interview in one of the companies. When they asked him this question, his answer was, he said, \'93\loch\f1 
\hich\f1 I start testing\'94\loch\f1 . This was his wrong answer. The answer varies in which phase of testing the application is. If the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
application is in very beginning state-meaning that the coding has just begun, then the tester\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s job will be to analyze and read the requirement documents, write test plans and write test cases. Probably attend walkthrough meeting and so on. However, the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
aily routine job would be, as mentioned above, check emails, read documents, attend meeting and so on. It\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s not that as soon as you enter the office, you start testing)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What do you do if you have any questions to ask? Who do you ask?
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 At the beginnin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g, we all panic, what kind of questions to ask? What if they ask questions that I don\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t know? Is it OK to ask questions? What do I do if I don\hich\f1 
\rquote \loch\f1 t know how to do the job I am assigned to? and so on.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 As mentioned earlier, on the first day, your Manager will g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ive you the system (computer) (They normally call system, not computer), will tell you what the User ID and Password is, where are the QA documents on the shared drive (or Network drive) are and so on. They will definitely ask you to read a lot of documen
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s at the beginning (And you must read read and read those documents AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE. At the beginning, allocate about 2 hours extra at home for reading these documents. This habit will put you on the top of your job). These documents are normally desi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n specification document (DSD). Different companies call it with different names, for example, Requirement Specification Document (RSD) and so on. After reading the documents, you will be asked to write Test Plans or Test Cases (Don\hich\f1 \rquote 
\loch\f1 t panic. The Test Plan\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 and Test Cases templates will be give by your manager or test lead and they will tell you what to do and how to do because different companies have different formats they follow. If they don\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
t have one, then you can always prepare a sample from this webs\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 te (see on the right column) and give it to them. You will be hero)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Who do you ask?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Now let\hich\f1 \rquote \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s say you did not understand something while reading documents. Who are you going to ask? Answer-Business Analysts who wrote this document. If you have any other questions that you don\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
t know, you will be asking that to you friend first, if he/she is not \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ble to answer, then ask this question to the Lead (or Manager). Do not ask too many questions (some people get irritated). Therefore, it is important to read read and read. That\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s the only way to succeed.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 If you have any questions in TestDirector, or QTP\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 or any other automation tools, then there is a HELP menu as well as tutorial. Please go through these, read them before you ask any questions to anyone else.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What kind of questions should I ask in the meeting?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Nothing. My advice is, keep your mouth shut. \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Just listen. This is the best way to handle the job until you are confident enough to speak and you know what you are talking about. If they ask you some questions, then reply gently, wisely.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 How to deal with your team members?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Most probably, you will \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
not be the only tester in the team. There will be more than you. Sometimes, dealing with you team members is frustrating, specially when you are new. They try to ignore you. They want to show themselves smart. Don\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t worry. Don
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t blame them. This part of t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e human nature. Try to cope with it. Invite them when you go for coffee (in the coffee room in your office, don\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
t go outside), try to share your feelings and so on. It is all how you handle your friends. It is part of your daily activities, handle it gent\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y. This is part of the situation I have gone through, my friends have gone through. I am just sharing this with you.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 28. Have you used automation tools?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (Normally, when some one asks this question, we tend to think about automation functional testing too\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ls, like WinRunner, LoadRunner, QTP (Quick Test Pro), Rational Robot, Experian and so on. But the reality is, even a Manual Tester also uses automation tools like bug tracking tools like TestDirector, ClearQuest, PVC Tracker and so on. Therefore, your ans
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 er should be Yes)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Answer: Yes. I have used TestDirector and ClearQuest as defect tracking tools. (Your answer is based on whether you have used automation tools specially for functional and load testing. If you have NOT used, but read about these tools, 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 then you may be better off saying, \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 I know about the tools. I was involved in some of the testing using these tools, but would need some brush up in order to work independently.\'94\loch\f1 
 I am saying this because these tools are difficult to tackle in the intervie\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 and have to know in depth. In order to pass the interview on functional automation tools, it may not be easy unless you really know the stuff. But, since there is not much to learn in ClearQuest and TestDirector, you only have to know what different type
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  of fields are there in the defect logging window when writing a defect.)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 29. When you log a defect using TestDirector (or ClearQuest) what fields do you see?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: When we log a defect, we see Defect ID (it shows later in TestDirector), Summary (whe\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
re we write short description of the defect), Description (long description of the defect), Detected by (Person who found the defect, (it\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s you), Severity (meaning-is the defect critical? High? Medium? Or Low?), Date, Detected in Version, Priority, Projec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 , Status, Assigned to and so on.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Click here to see the fields in TestDirector (go to page 24-27)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Click here to see the fields in ClearQuest (go to page 9)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 30. Are you better working in a team or working alone?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: I am a team player. I get along wi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 th team members very well. As far as the working is concerned, I can be equally productive in team or working alone.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (Caution: Never say, I like working alone. This could lead you to not getting a job as they are always looking for people who can get along\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  with other people.)
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 31. Do you have any situations in the past where you have some arguments with your team members?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: No. I never had that type of situation wherever I have worked.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (Even if you had one, it\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 s a good idea to say \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 No\'94\loch\f1 . This coul\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d be a red flag, which might stop you from getting the job)

\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 32. What do you like about a Manager? And what don\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t you like?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: The best thing I like about a Manager is that the Manager should be able to coordinate with the other teams so that we ca\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
n get the updated documents, for example, updated requirements documents right away. A Manager who can efficiently in distributes the work to the team, without being biased and easily accessible and protective to his team for the right cause. As far as 
\'93\loch\f1 w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 at I don\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 t like\'94\loch\f1  is concerned, I don\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
t like a manager who keeps coming to desk 10 times a day to check my work even if it is just a regular work. Once the responsibility is given, the team member should be trusted and let his work done.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 33. Where do you \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 see yourself in another 5 years?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: I see myself a QA Lead in another 5 years.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 (You can also say \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 QA Manager\'94\loch\f1 , but since the QA Manager is taking your interview most of the time, they some times feel challenged. Therefore, it might be a good idea to
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  limit you to QA Lead)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 34. Why are you in QA?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: I am in QA because I like this job.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 35. Why do you like this job?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: I like this job, because it is process oriented. Meaning that I get an opportunity to work from analyzing the requiremen\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t documents to writing test plans, test cases, testing the application, logging defects, retesting, preparing reports and finally testing in production as well. Therefore, I am involved from the very beginning to the end of the software development life c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cle (SDLC) process. I like this.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Another reason is I like to find defects. I enjoy logging defects. The more defects I find, the happier I am.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 36. How do you determine what to test in an application?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: First of all we have the test cases (or test\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 scripts) that are written based on the requirement document. This pretty much covers what functionalities to test. Therefore, looking at the test cases tells us what to test in the application.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 37. If you have no documentation about the product, how do \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 you test an application? Describe the process.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Answer: Well, this is a situation where I have come across several times. Some of the companies in my previous projects did not have any documents. In this case, I went to the Business Analyst and some times to developers to find out how exactly the funct
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
onalities work, how to navigate from one page to another page and so on. After getting a clear vision, I write test cases based on the conversation (which is a step by step procedure to test an application) and get ready for testing.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What do you do o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nce you find a defect?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Once you find a defect, this is what we need to do:
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1. Recreate the Defect: Once you find a defect, we must try to recreate (meaning that we should be able to reproduce it) at least 3 times so that we are sure that it is a defect.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 Some times, once we find it log it without recreating, may put us in a false situation (because sometimes the application does not behave in the same way). Therefore, it is important to recreate the same defect several times.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2. Attach the Screen Shot (su\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
pporting document): Once we confirm that it is a defect, and then it is a good idea to attach supporting documents when we log (write) a defect. For example, screen shot, requirement document etc. For instance, let us say that instead of \'93\loch\f1 
\hich\f1 Continue\'94\loch\f1  button\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 on a page, there is a typo \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Contiinuee\'94\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
. Now, we will make a screen shot of this page (To make screen shot, press \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Print Screen\'94\loch\f1 \hich\f1  button on the keyboard, and open a Word document, and Click Edit on the Word document and \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Past\'94
\loch\f1  it. You will see the screen n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 w) Now, a tester needs to write defects in easy and clear language to make all the developers to understand easily.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3. Log the Defect: Now, the next step is, we need to log it. Depending on the company what kind of tools they are using (for example, some \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
companies use TestDirector to log defects, some companies use Rational ClearQuest, some use PVC Tracker and so on). If the company is small and cannot afford these expensive tools, then they may simply use Excel sheet to log defects. We log the defect.

\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 8. What are the basic elements you put in a defect?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Basic elements we put in a defect are: SEVERITY, PRIORITY, CREATED BY, VERSION NO, HEADER, DESCRIPTION OF THE DEFECT where we write how to recreate a defect, in what module the defect is found, 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Status, and so on.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 39. What is the biggest bug you have ever found?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Answer: Well, there are many big defects I have found in various projects. For example, in the last project, on a page, there was a button called \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 More Information\'94\loch\f1 
. Once the user clic\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ked that button, the system would open a new window (pop up).
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 We could close the new window in 3 ways:
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -By clicking X at the top right corner of the page
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 -By clicking \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Close\'94\loch\f1  button on the page
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -By pressing combination keys (Alt+F4) on the key board
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Altho\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ugh the combination key (Alt+F4) was not mentioned in the test case, I just wanted to try how the application reacts when Alt+F4 is pressed. Then I pressed Alt+F4. The result was a disaster-the application crashed (broke). The application disappeared from
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
the computer monitor. Since it was the last day of testing for us, it brought chaos in our Managers, Leads and the whole teams. Finally, the developers disabled Alt+F4 as a temporary solution and the application went into production.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 40. How do you make \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sure that it is quality software?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: There is a certain process how the quality of software is guaranteed (ensured). If is defined by the \hich\f1 \lquote \loch\f1 exit criteria\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
. (What it means is, a QA Manager writes a document called Test Strategy. This Test Strategy def\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ines the \hich\f1 \lquote \loch\f1 exit criteria\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
.) Exit Criteria gives the measurement, for example, in order to confirm the quality, how many critical defects, high defects, medium defect and low defect are acceptable? These are all defined in the exit criteria. (Normally in pr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ctice, for a quality software, there should no critical defects (0 critical), no high defect (0 high), no medium defect (0 medium) and may be 1 low defect)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 41. As a QA Tester, can you tell me the situation when you felt the most proud of it?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Wh\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 en I find the defect that normally others don\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
t find, then I feel very proud. For example, there were situations where I found bugs that crashed the whole system at the end of testing phase. I tried the scenarios where the scenarios were NOT mentioned in \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 he test cases. For example, we can close the windows by clicking X on the page, with \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Close\'94\loch\f1 
 button and so on. But there is another way that you can close the window, by pressing Alt+F4 on the keyboard. Not many testers test this scenario. I have done thi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 in my last two projects. Both the time, the application crashed which became a big issue. I felt proud.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 42. What made you to choose testing career?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: I am a very detailed oriented person and I like process-oriented job. The way QA process works \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
is just the kind of work I like. For example, analyzing requirement documents, attending walk-through meetings, writing test plans, writing test cases, executing the test cases (or running the test cases) testing the application, logging defects, retestin
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  them and so on. I think I really like the process and that\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s why I chose this career.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 43. When should testing start in a project? Why?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: We should start testing as soon as the following things are ready:
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -Test Data are ready
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -Build (all th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e developers have coded their code and merged them
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 together)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -Test Environment (servers, network etc) is set up and ready
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -When the manager asks us to go ahead and start testing.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 44. Let us say you have a web application to test. How do you go about test\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ing it? What is the process?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Answer: First of all, I will look at the requirement documents (or design document in some companies). The requirement document will tell us what the functionalities in the application (software) are. Once I analyze the requi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
rement documents (one module=one requirement document). After that, I will write test plans for each module (one module =one test plan). Then after the test plan is complete, I will write test cases (One module can have hundreds, even thousands test cases
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 )\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
. Once the test cases are ready and the application is ready (or once the build is ready), then I will start testing. Before I start testing, however, I will make sure the test environments, test data and defect logging tools are in place. This is how I w
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ll go about testing an application.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 45. What is a \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 bug?\'94
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Answer: A bug is a bug is an error, flaw, mistake, failure, or fault in a computer code (program) that prevents it from behaving as intended (e.g., producing an incorrect result). (You can also add this: When the expected results (accordingly to the requi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ement documents) don\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t match with the actual results (while testing), then it is considered a bug)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 46. How would you ensure that you have covered 100% testing?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: The testing coverage is defined by exit criteria (There is exit criteria and entry c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 riteria in the Test Strategy). For example, if the exit criteria says \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
The software will be acceptable to the client only if there are no critical defects, no high defects, no medium defects and only two low defects\'94\loch\f1 , then all the critical, high, medium s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ould be zero. Only 2 low defects are acceptable. Thus, 100% coverage is measured by the exit criteria. Also, 100% test cases must be executed in order to cover 100% of testing.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 47. What problems did you face in the past? How did you solve it?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (You will b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e OK if you just give one of the problems below, not all of them)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: I had many problems while testing applications in the past.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 As far as I remember one of them (then describe one of them from below), this was the scenario:
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (i) It was a web-based \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 application. I was working on a module called \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Transaction Summary\'94\loch\f1 \hich\f1 . There was \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Submit\'94
\loch\f1  button on that page. After entering data in the all the fields, for example, First Name, Last Name, Social Security Number, Date of Birth and so on, I clicked the Subm\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
t button. Once I clicked Submit button, an error page displayed, \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Page cannot be found\'85\'94\loch\f1 
. Since it was a critical defect, I immediately informed the Test Lead. There was a chaos in the room. All the developers, Database Administrators and Testers gathered\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
in my cube (room). No body could tell exactly what was wrong with it. Finally, one smart guy checked into the database and found out that one of the files in the database was closed. The status of all the files should be in the open status. Once the statu
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1  of the closed file was put in the \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 open\'94\loch\f1  status, the application worked fine.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (ii) One of the problems was in the Login window (page). When the user enters and Login Name and Password, then Password should be encrypted. One of the Test Cases was that I n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
eeded to open database and see whether the password is encrypted or not. I found out it was not encrypted. I reported it as a bug (defect) and it was fixed in the next release (build).
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (iii) Defects I have found in a project was a defect to close a window\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  (pop up).
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 For example, in the last project, on a page, there was a button called \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 More Information\'94\loch\f1 
. Once the user clicked that button, the system would open a new window (pop up).We could close the new window in 3 ways:
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -By clicking X at the top right co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rner of the page
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 -By clicking \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Close\'94\loch\f1  button on the page
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -By pressing combination keys (Alt+F4) on the key board
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Although the combination key (Alt+F4) was not mentioned in the test case, I just wanted to try how the application reacts when Alt+F4 is presse\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d. Then I pressed Alt+F4. The result was a disaster-the application crashed (broke). The application disappeared from the computer monitor. Since it was the last day of testing for us, it brought chaos in our Managers, Leads and the whole teams. Finally, 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 he developers disabled Alt+F4 as a temporary solution and the application went into production.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (iv) Another problem was that a user would search for branch location information of a bank. The user logs in by using User Name and Password. After the log in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 , on the \'93\loch\f1 
\hich\f1 Search Location\'94\loch\f1 \hich\f1  page, the user enters and zip code of the location he wants to find, then clicks Find button. After that the system (application) gives a number of branch locations. The user now clicks \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
Request Information\'94\loch\f1  for one of the branc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 es. As soon as the user clicks \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Request Information\'94\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
 button, the application breaks (displays \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Page cannot be found\'94\loch\f1  error). I logged this defect as a critical defect. When the developers and database administrator looked into it, then they found out that
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
in one of the tables, the data was not recorded. In all the tables (UserProfile table, ClientID table and SessionID table), the data should be populated with the information entered by the user. For some reason, in one of the tables, it was blank (null). 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 O\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 nce they wrote a small code to populate data (enter data) to the table, the application started working.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (v) In my previous project, when the customer wants to upload a document, for example, a copy of a monthly statement (in Word format), on the website, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
the system should automatically change the Word document into .pdf format. Once the document was uploaded, I saw that the fields in the .pdf document were interchanged (misplaced). For example, the First Name displayed in the Last Name section. Date of Bi
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
th displayed in the Social Security Number field and so on. We found out that the problem was a mapping problem (remember this word). Once the mapping was correct, I tested in the new build. It was fixed.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (vi)  The most common problem that I have faced in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 my previous projects are the Java script errors, data connectivity, error, HTTP 500 error (This error occurs when server is down), HTTP 400 error (when file is not found) and so on.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 (vii)  \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Father\'94\loch\f1  pop up displayed when Print/Print Preview button clicke\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d. (This was coded by the developer to mark this coding portion  (for his/her own purpose as a mark to indicate where he/she made changes, however, forgot to remove it).  Once the developer fixed it, it still displayed the same thing (because it was in th
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 servers memory and could not go).  Now, I had to reset memory of the server from my machine.  Therefore, what I did is, I went to the website I was testing (for example, http://mysite.app.org/My_profile) and added reset.aspx at the end of the URL (Now th
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 URL becomes http://mysite.app.org/My_profile/reset.aspx and hit enter. It took me to the server memory and I selected section and submitted the query and it was cleared.  Retested again and it is now OK.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (viii)  I was testing a web application.  On one \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 page, I clicked Save & Continue button twice (my mistake).  Once this button is clicked twice, the system displayed an error message, 
\'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Could not save the answers, please contact technical support\'94\loch\f1 . (When clicked only once, the button works fine.).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Soluti\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on:  Once the user clicks the button once, the button was disabled later so that the user cannot click twice.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (ix)  I was testing a web-based application.  Once all the fields are entered on the one of the pages, we had Print Preview button.  If the user \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
clicks this button, we were supposed see the same information in a new window in PDF format. While looking at the data in PDF file, there were some fields missing, for example, Date of Birth was missing in the PDF file.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 48. Tell me about the worst boss y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ou\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
ve ever had. (Here, you should be careful not to say any negative words about the past boss. This will give a reflection that you cannot work with different nature of people. You should be able to show them that you can cope with any king of boss. Ther
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 fore, just take an idea below how the answer should be.)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: I can hardly think of any Manager that was really bad. But when I compare, then I remember of a Test Lead who was just made a lead from the developers team. She used to feel that she has be
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
en very proud of her position and used to boss around. Some times, she used to call home and check where I was and what I was doing. Or have I completed my job before leaving and so on. I think, whatever she did, was in the benefit of the company and myse
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f in the long run which would give me more confidence in future.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 49. What do you like about QA?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: The best thing I like about QA is, I like the job which is more process oriented. For example, we have to work right from reading the requirement do\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cuments, providing feedback to the Business Analysts as necessary, writing test plans, test cases, execute the test cases, interaction with different developers, attend walk-through meeting and so on. I am a very detailed oriented person. When I test appl
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cations, I try to get into the depth of functionality so that I don\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t miss out anything. Finally, I love logging defects.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 50. What are all the basic elements in a defect report?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: The basic elements in a defect report are: Defect ID, Header, Desc\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ription, Defect Reported by, Date, Status, Version, Assigned to, Approved by, Module where the defect was found and so on.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 51. What is the difference between verification and validation?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Verification: Verification is a process to ensure that the softwa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
re that is made, matches the original design. In other words, it checks whether the software is made according to the criteria and specification described in the requirement document. It is to check whether you built the product right as per design. It is
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a low level checking. (It is done in walk-through meetings generally). It checked whether it is made accordingly to the design..
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Validation: Validation is a process to check whether the product design fits the client\hich\f1 \rquote \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s need. It checks whether you built the right thing. It checks whether it is designed properly.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 52. How do you know it is sufficient testing?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Every company has entry and exit criteria. When we test applications, we refer to exit criteria. When \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
we are about to finish testing, then the QA Team (QA Manager) refers to the exit criteria (exit criteria tells the level of defect that you can be comfortable with before it goes to production. For example, there should be ZERO critical defect, ZERO high 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
evel defect, ZERO medium defect, 1 Low level defect, all the test cases must be 100% executed etc). Once the exit criteria meet the requirements, then the software is considered to be sufficiently tested.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Every company has entry and exit criteria. When we \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
test applications, we refer to exit criteria. When we are about to finish testing, then the QA Team (QA Manager) refers to the exit criteria (exit criteria tells the level of defect that you can be comfortable with before it goes to production. For exampl
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, there should be ZERO critical defect, ZERO high level defect, ZERO medium defect, 1 Low level defect, all the test cases must be 100% executed etc). Once the exit criteria meet the requirements, then the software is considered to be sufficiently tested.

\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 53. How to derive test scenarios and use cases? What are the contents and format?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Test scenarios are derived from requirement documents. We follow each and every functionality (called business rules) mentioned in the requirement document. One fu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
nctionality can have multiple business rules. For example, let us say in there is one requirement called \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Login\'94\loch\f1 \hich\f1 . This \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Login\'94\loch\f1 
 may have various scenarios. For example, one scenario is, enter the right User ID and wrong password. The system should display \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
n error message. Another scenario would be to enter wrong User ID and right Password. The system should display an error message. The third scenario could be to enter the right User Name and right Password. The system should allow the user to get into the
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 system. This is how the test cases are derived from the requirement documents or from the Use Cases.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (For contents for formats of test scenario, please refer to question 4 in qaquestions.com)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 54. What are the types of test cases that you write?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer:\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  We write test cases for smoke testing, integration testing, functional testing, regression testing, load testing, stress testing, system testing and so on.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 55. How to write Integration test cases?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: I have never written separate Test Cases Integ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ration Testing. Since Integration Testing is a test to check whether the all the modules are integrated together or not (meaning that when the developers compile all their module and make a build, all modules should be working when they are combined toget
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
er and those modules when combined, should work as expected). If they are not integrated (combined) in a nice way, then the application breaks. Basically, when we do the functional testing, the integration testing is automatically done. This is my experie
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ce.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 56. How to write Regression test cases? What are the criteria?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Regression test cases are also based on the requirement documents. They are written more into detail and with every release (build), the testers need to do regression testing. T\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he criteria for regression testing are; there should be no major defects while we do our smoke test and functional testing.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 57. Is there a format for a test case? Do you follow any methodology for numbering test cases?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Yes. It depends upon the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
company how the company has followed the numbering of test cases. However, normally, it is just a simple numbering in most of the time (see question 4 of qaquestions.com). But some companies may also relate this numbering to the requirement number. For ex
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 mple, if the requirement for Login is \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 REQ-LOG-001\'94\loch\f1 , then we can number the test cases like REQ-LOG-001-001 and so on.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 58. What is Test Harness?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Answer: (Definition from www.wikipedia.org) \'93\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
In software testing, a test harness or automated test framework is a collection of software and test data configured to test a program unit by running it under varying conditions and monitor its behavior and outputs. It has two main parts: the test execut
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 on engine and the test script repository.\'94
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 59. How to write User Acceptance Test plan & test cases?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: The way of writing Test Plan and Test Cases is the same in all the test phases. However, specifically for User Acceptance Testing, the testers u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
se data nearly real data (meaning that the data is very much similar to the production data or real data). For the format, please refer to question 3 and 4 in qaquestions.com.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 60. What are the different matrices that you follow?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: There are various\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  reports we normally prepare in QA:
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Test summary Report \hich\f1 \endash \loch\f1  It is a report that has list of the total test cases, list of executed test cases, remaining test case to be executed, executed date, pass/fail
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Defect Report \hich\f1 \endash \loch\f1  In this report we normally prepare\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 a list of defect in spreadsheet e.g. defect # CQ12345 [ if you log a defect in the application called Rational ClearQuest]
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Traceability Matrix [also called RTM (Requirement Traceability Matrix)] Report \hich\f1 \endash \loch\f1  the document which shows the relationship between\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 the functionalities or the business rules and the test cases. So, with the help of Traceability Matrix we make sure that we includes all the functionalities in our test cases according to the requirement document.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 61. Explain Bug Life Cycle.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: I\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  would describe this as below:
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A Tester finds a defect and logs it. (But before you log it, you must try to recreate it for 3 or 4 times so that you are 100% sure that it is a bug)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 The defect is now approved or disapproved by the Test Lead.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (If it is disap\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 proved, then the test lead will come to you ask for more details and you have explain to him why it is a bug)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 After the Test Lead approves the bug, it is now assigned to a development Team Lead (or Development Manager). He/she now assigns that bug to the c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
oncerned developer. The developer now looks into the bug and fixes it. Once the fix is ready, there will be another build ready to test. The tester now tests the defect. It the defect is fixed, then the tester closes the defect, if not then the test will 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eopen it and same cycle starts.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Defect Life Cycle
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 62. What will you do if developer does not accept the bug?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: If the developer does not accept the defect, then he will reject it. Once it is rejected, then it comes back to the tester. Now, the te\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ster will ask for clarification with the developer why the defect is rejected. Since everything is based on the requirement documents, both tester and developer will have to look at the requirement document, validate it and then reopen it if necessary or 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 c\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lose.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 63. What are the different tests that can be done for Client Server Application and Web-based Application. Give details.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Answer: For both client server and web based applications, the testing is the same except one thing: We test web based applications in different browsers, for example, Internet Explorer (will test in different versions like IE 5.0, IE 6.0, IE 7.0), Firefo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 x\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 , Safari (for Mac) and so on where as for client server, we don\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t need to test in the browsers.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 64. What is an inspection?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: An inspection is a formal meeting, more formalized than a walkthrough and typically consists of 3-10 people including a m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
oderator, reader (the author of whatever is being reviewed) and a recorder (to make notes in the document). The subject of the inspection is typically a document, such as a requirements document or a test plan. The purpose of an inspection is to find prob
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ems and see what is missing, not to fix anything. The result of the meeting should be documented in a written report. Attendees should prepare for this type of meeting by reading through the document, before the meeting starts; most problems are found dur
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ng this preparation. Preparation for inspections is difficult, but is one of the most cost-effective methods of ensuring quality, since bug prevention is more cost effective than bug detection.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 65. Give me five common problems that occur during software \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 development.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Answer: Poorly written requirements, unrealistic schedules, inadequate testing, adding new features after development is underway and poor communication. Requirements are poorly written when requirements are unclear, incomplete, too general,
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  or not testable; therefore there will be problems. The schedule is unrealistic if too much work is crammed in too little time.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Software testing is inadequate if none knows whether or not the software is any good until customers complain or the system cras\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 hes. It\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s extremely common that new features are added after development is underway.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Miscommunication either means the developers don\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t know what is needed, or customers have unrealistic expectations and therefore problems are guaranteed
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 66. What is the\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  role of documentation in QA?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Documentation plays a critical role in QA. QA practices should be documented, so that they are repeatable. Specifications, designs, business rules, inspection reports, configurations, code changes, test plans, test c
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ases, bug reports, user manuals should all be documented. Ideally, there should be a system for easily finding and obtaining of documents and determining what document will have a particular piece of information. Use documentation change management, if po
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sible.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 67. What if the software is so buggy it can\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t be tested at all?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: In this situation the best bet is to have test engineers go through the process of reporting whatever bugs or problems initially show up, with the focus being on critical bu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
gs. Since this type of problem can severely affect schedules and indicates deeper problems in the software development process, such as insufficient unit testing, insufficient integration testing, poor design, improper build or release procedures, manager
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  should be notified and provided with some documentation as evidence of the problem.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 68. How do you know when to stop testing?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: This can be difficult to determine. Many modern software applications are so complex and run in such an interdependent\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 
 environment, that complete testing can never be done. Common factors in deciding when to stop are\'85
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Deadlines, e.g. release deadlines, testing deadlines;
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Test cases completed with certain percentage passed;
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Test budget has been depleted;
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Coverage of code, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 functionality, or requirements reaches a specified point;
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Bug rate falls below a certain level; or
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Beta or alpha testing period ends.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 69. What if there isn\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t enough time for thorough testing?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Since it\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s rarely possible to test every possible as\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
pect of an application, every possible combination of events, every dependency, or everything that could go wrong, risk analysis is appropriate to most software development projects. Use risk analysis to determine where testing should be focused. This req
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ires judgment skills, common sense and experience. The checklist should include answers to the following questions:
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Which functionality is most important to the project\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s intended purpose?
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Which functionality is most visible to the user?
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Which functi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 onality has the largest safety impact?
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Which functionality has the largest financial impact on users?
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Which aspects of the application are most important to the customer?
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Which aspects of the application can be tested early in the development cycle?
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Which parts of the code are most complex and thus most subject to errors?
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Which parts of the application were developed in rush or panic mode?
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Which aspects of similar/related previous projects caused problems?
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Which aspects of similar/related prev\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ious projects had large maintenance expenses?
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Which parts of the requirements and design are unclear or poorly thought out?
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  What do the developers think are the highest-risk aspects of the application?
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  What kinds of problems would cause the worst pub\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 licity?
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  What kinds of problems would cause the most customer service complaints?
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  What kinds of tests could easily cover multiple functionalities?
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Which tests will have the best high-risk-coverage to time-required ratio?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 70. What can be done if requ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 irements are changing continuously?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Work with management early on to understand how requirements might change, so that alternate test plans and strategies can be worked out in advance. It is helpful if the application\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s initial design allows for \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 some adaptability, so that later changes do not require redoing the application from scratch. Additionally, try to\'85\loch\f1 \hich\f1  \'b7\loch\f1 
 Ensure the code is well commented and well documented; this makes changes easier
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 for the developers.
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Use rapid prototyping whenever possible; this will help customers feel sure of their
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 requirements and minimize changes.
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  In the project\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s initial schedule, allow for some extra time to commensurate with
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 probable changes.
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Move new requirements to a \hich\f1 \lquote \loch\f1 Pha\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 se 2\loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \u8242\'27\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  version of an application and use the original

\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 requirements for the \hich\f1 \lquote \loch\f1 Phase 1\loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \u8242\'27\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  version.
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Negotiate to allow only easily implemented new requirements into the project; move
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 more difficult, new requirements into future versions of the application.
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  En\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 sure customers and management understand scheduling impacts, inherent risks and
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 costs of significant requirements changes. Then let management or the customers
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 decide if the changes are warranted; after all, that\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s their job.
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Balance the effort put into \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 setting up automated testing with the expected effort
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 required to redo them to deal with changes.
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Design some flexibility into automated test scripts;
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Focus initial automated testing on application aspects that are most likely to remain
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 unchanged;
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  De\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 vote appropriate effort to risk analysis of changes, in order to minimize regression-
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 testing needs;
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Design some flexibility into test cases; this is not easily done; the best bet is to minimize the detail in the test cases, or set up only higher-level g\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eneric-type test plans;

\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Focus less on detailed test plans and test cases and more on ad-hoc testing with an understanding of the added risk this entails.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 71. What if the application has functionality that wasn\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t in the requirements?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: It may ta\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ke serious effort to determine if an application has significant unexpected or hidden functionality, which it would indicate deeper problems in the software development process. If the functionality isn\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
t necessary to the purpose of the application, it sh\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 uld be removed, as it may have unknown impacts or dependencies that were not taken into account by the designer or the customer.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 If not removed, design information will be needed to determine added testing needs or regression testing needs. Management shou\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ld be made aware of any significant added risks as a result of the unexpected functionality. If the functionality only affects areas, such as minor improvements in the user interface, it may not be a significant risk.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 72. How can software QA processes be\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  implemented without stifling productivity?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Implement QA processes slowly over time. Use consensus to reach agreement on processes and adjust and experiment as an organization grows and matures. Productivity will b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e improved instead of stifled. Problem prevention will lessen the need for problem detection. Panics and burnout will decrease and there will be improved focus and less wasted effort. At the same time, attempts should be made to keep processes simple and 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
fficient, minimize paperwork, promote computer-based processes and automated tracking and reporting, minimize time required in meetings and promote training as part of the QA process. However, no one, especially talented technical types, like bureaucracy 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
nd in the short run things may slow down a bit. A typical scenario would be that more days of planning and development will be needed, but less time will be required for late-night bug fixing and calming of irate customers.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 73. What is parallel/audit tes\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ting?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Answer: Parallel/audit testing is testing where the user reconciles the output of the new system to the output of the current system to verify the new system performs the operations correctly. Let us say, for example, the currently software is in t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he mainframe system which calculates the interest rate. The company wants to change this mainframe system to web-based application. While testing the new web based application, we need to verify that the web-based application calculates the same interest 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ate. This is parallel testing.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 74. What is system testing?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: System testing is black box testing, performed by the Test Team, and at the start of the system testing the complete system is configured in a controlled environment. The purpose of sys\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
tem testing is to validate an application\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 s accuracy and completeness in performing the functions as designed. System testing simulates real life scenarios that occur in a \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 simulated real life\'94
\loch\f1  test environment and test all functions of the system that ar\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 required in real life. System testing is deemed complete when actual results and expected results are either in line or differences are explainable or acceptable, based on client input.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Upon completion of integration testing, system testing is started. Be\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
fore system testing, all unit and integration test results are reviewed by Software QA to ensure all problems have been resolved. For a higher level of testing it is important to understand unresolved problems that originate at unit and integration test l
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 vels. You CAN learn system testing, with little or no outside help. Get CAN get free information. Click on a link!
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 75. What is end-to-end testing?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Similar to system testing, the *macro* end of the test scale is testing a complete application in\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 a situation that mimics real world use, such as interacting with a database, using network communication, or interacting with other hardware, application, or system.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 76. What is security/penetration testing?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Security/penetration testing is tes\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ting how well the system is protected against unauthorized internal or external access, or willful damage. This type of testing usually requires sophisticated testing techniques.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 77. What is recovery/error testing?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Recovery/error testing is testi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ng how well a system recovers from crashes, hardware failures, or other catastrophic problems.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 78. What is compatibility testing?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Compatibility testing is testing how well software performs in a particular hardware, software, operating system, \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 or network environment.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 79. What is comparison testing?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Comparison testing is testing that compares software weaknesses and strengths to those of competitors\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1  products.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 80. What is acceptance testing?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Answer: Acceptance testing is black box testing that gives the client/customer/project manager the opportunity to verify the system functionality and usability prior to the system being released to production. The acceptance test is the responsibility of 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
he client/customer or project manager, however, it is conducted with the full support of the project team. The test team also works with the client/customer/project manager to develop the acceptance criteria.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 81. What is a Test/QA Team Lead?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e Test/QA Team Lead coordinates the testing activity, communicates testing status to management and manages the test team.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 82. What is software testing methodology?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Answer: One software testing methodology is the use a three step process of\'85
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1. Creatin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 g a test strategy;
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2. Creating a test plan/design; and
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3. Executing tests. This methodology can be used and molded to your organization\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s needs. Rob Davis believes that using this methodology is important in the development and in ongoing maintenance of hi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s customers\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1  applications.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 83. What is the general testing process?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: The general testing process is the creation of a test strategy (which sometimes includes the creation of test cases), creation of a test plan/design (which usually includes tes\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t cases and test procedures) and the execution of tests.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 84. How do you create a test strategy?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: The test strategy is a formal description of how a software product will be tested. A test strategy is developed for all levels of testing, as requi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
red. The test team analyzes the requirements, writes the test strategy and reviews the plan with the project team. The test plan may include test cases, conditions, the test environment, a list of related tasks, pass/fail criteria and risk assessment. Inp
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ts for this process:
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  A description of the required hardware and software components, including test tools. This information comes from the test environment, including test tool data.
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  A description of roles and responsibilities of the resources required\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  for the test and schedule constraints. This information comes from man-hours and schedules.
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Testing methodology. This is based on known standards.
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Functional and technical requirements of the application. This information comes from requirements, chan\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ge request, technical and functional design documents.
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  Requirements that the system can not provide, e.g. system limitations. Outputs for this process:
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\loch\f1  An approved and signed off test strategy document, test plan, including test cases.
\par \loch\af1\dbch\af31505\hich\f1 \'b7\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Testing issues requiring resolution. Usually this requires additional negotiation at the project management level.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 85. How do you create a test plan/design?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Test scenarios and/or cases are prepared by reviewing functional requirements of the r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
elease and preparing logical groups of functions that can be further broken into test procedures. Test procedures define test conditions, data to be used for testing and expected results, including database updates, file outputs, report results. Generally
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 speaking\'85
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Test cases and scenarios are designed to represent both typical and unusual situations that may occur in the application.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Test engineers define unit test requirements and unit test cases. Test engineers also execute unit test cases.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 It is the tes\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t team that, with assistance of developers and clients, develops test cases and scenarios for integration and system testing.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Test scenarios are executed through the use of test procedures or scripts.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Test procedures or scripts define a series of steps nec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 essary to perform one or more test scenarios.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Test procedures or scripts include the specific data that will be used for testing the process or transaction.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Test procedures or scripts may cover multiple test scenarios.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Test scripts are mapped back to the r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 equirements and traceability matrices are used to ensure each test is within scope.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Test data is captured and base lined, prior to testing. This data serves as the foundation for unit and system testing and used to exercise system functionality in a contro\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 lled environment.

\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Some output data is also base-lined for future comparison. Base-lined data is used to support future application maintenance via regression testing.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A pretest meeting is held to assess the readiness of the application and the environment \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
and data to be tested. A test readiness document is created to indicate the status of the entrance criteria of the release.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Inputs for this process:
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Approved Test Strategy Document.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Test tools, or automated test tools, if applicable.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Previously developed s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cripts, if applicable.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Test documentation problems uncovered as a result of testing.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A good understanding of software complexity and module path coverage, derived from general and detailed design documents, e.g. software design document, source code and so\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ftware complexity data.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Outputs for this process:
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Approved documents of test scenarios, test cases, test conditions and test data.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Reports of software design issues, given to software developers for correction.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 86. How do you execute tests?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Answer: Execution of tests is completed by following the test documents in a methodical manner. As each test procedure is performed, an entry is recorded in a test execution log to note the execution of the procedure and whether or not the test procedure 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ncovered any defects. Checkpoint meetings are held throughout the execution phase. Checkpoint meetings are held daily, if required, to address and discuss testing issues, status and activities.The output from the execution of test procedures is known as t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
st results. Test results are evaluated by test engineers to determine whether the expected results have been obtained. All discrepancies/anomalies are logged and discussed with the software team lead, hardware test lead, programmers, software engineers an
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 documented for further investigation and resolution. Every company has a different process for logging and reporting bugs/defects uncovered during testing.A pass/fail criteria is used to determine the severity of a problem, and results are recorded in a 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 est summary report. The severity of a problem, found during system testing, is defined in accordance to the customer\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s risk assessment and recorded in their selected tracking tool.Proposed fixes are delivered to the testing environment, based on the sever\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ty of the problem. Fixes are regression tested and flawless fixes are migrated to a new baseline. Following completion of the test, members of the test team prepare a summary report. The summary report is reviewed by the Project Manager, Software QA Manag
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r and/or Test Team Lead.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
After a particular level of testing has been certified, it is the responsibility of the Configuration Manager to coordinate the migration of the release software components to the next test level, as documented in the Configuration
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  Management Plan. The software is only migrated to the production environment after the Project Manager\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s formal acceptance.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 87. What testing approaches can you tell me about?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: Each of the followings represents a different testing approach:
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Blac\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 k box testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 White box testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Unit testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Incremental testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Integration testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Functional testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 System testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 End-to-end testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Sanity testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Regression testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Acceptance testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Load testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Performance testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Usability testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Install/uninstall testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Recovery testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Security testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Compatibility testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Exploratory testing, ad-hoc testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 User acceptance testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Comparison testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Alpha testing,
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Beta testing, and
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Mutation testing.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 88. How do you divide the application into different sections to create scripts?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer:  First of all, the application is divided in different parts when a business analyst writes the requirement document (or Use Cases or Design Document), he/she writes E\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ACH requirement document for EACH module.  Let us say, if there are 12 different modules in an application that a business analyst has written the requirements for, then a tester would write the test cases for each module, which means in 12 different sect
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ons.  This is the standard practice.  There might be scenarios where you might have to break down scripts into sub-categories.  For example, if a tester is writing a script for Login Page, he/she might write one for positive and negative testing and anoth
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r sub-set of test cases would be for error message when the wrong information is entered.  In short, the test cases are divided according to the modules.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (The following questions were asked to Padma in one of her interviews very recently)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 89.  What is yo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ur goal?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 (This question is asked to check how ambitious you are as far as your career is concerned, whether you like the job you are doing and so on.  Therefore, no matter what, you should stick to your QA job at this point and say that you love this so m
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 uch and your goal is some thing similar to the one below)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer:  My goal is to be QA Lead (or QA Manager) in near future.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 90.  What are you expecting from our company?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer:  My expectation from you company would be I will have more challenges an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
d new things to learn and whatever the skills I have to contribute, hopefully, I will be able to contribute if they are in any way helpful to enhance productivity of the company.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 91.  What did you learn from your previous companies?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer:  I learned \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
a lot from the previous companies wherever I have worked.  Wherever I have worked, I found out the there is always something to learn.  Different companies have different ways of working.  The environment and technology always differ from one company to a
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 other company.  I have never found one company\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s environment matching with another company.  For example, if one company is using documents called requirement documents, then the other company might be using Use Cases and some companies might be using Des\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 gn Document and so on.  Therefore, in my experience, there are always new things to learn in every company and we can always contribute these thing in the next company if they help to be more productive.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 92.  What do you want to be in next 2 years?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Ans\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 wer:  I want to be QA Lead in another two years.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Why QA Lead? Why not something else?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer:  QA is the only thing I love doing it.  I love this job and want to progress in this sector.  I want to know how to manage QA process, how to handle different\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 jobs and so on.  Since the next step is the QA Lead, that would preferably be one I will targeting for.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 93.  Why do you want to work for this company? 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: (This is a tricky question.  They want to know what really interests you and you have to be\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 careful when you answer this question.  You must admire the line of that company.  For example, if you are being interviewed by a pharmaceutical company, then tell them that you are always interested in the medical applications and the better part of you
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  company is that it has exciting products that I am really curious to learn.  That\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s why I would feel really great if I am given the opportunity to work in your company)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 94.  Did you get any compliments from your previous employers?  What were those situ\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ations? 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
Answer:  Yes. I did.  There were many occasions where I had compliments.  For example, I was testing an application going a little bit off my test cases. After I finished executing my test cases, I always think in a way what a real user would po
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ssibally click in various parts of the application.  So I was just clicking back and forth and at one specific scenario, the application simply broke and displayed an error message.  That scenario was not in the test cases. The manager really appreciated 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e and thanked for finding this kind of critical defect.  Answer:  Yes. I did.  There were many occasions where I had compliments.  For example, I was testing an application going a little bit off my test cases. After I finished executing my test cases, I 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lways think in a way what a real user would possibally click in various parts of the application.  So I was just clicking back and forth and at one specific scenario, the application simply broke and displayed an error message.  That scenario was not in t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e test cases. The manager really appreciated me and thanked for finding this kind of critical defect.  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What are your strengths?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: I am a very detailed oriented person. I have the sense of urgency. I can prioritize my job according to the deadlin\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e. I am very much dedicated towards my job. I am honest. I have the skills and expertise in QA process. These are some of my strengths.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is your weakness?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: I think my weakness is that whenever I am given some responsibilities and there is a \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
deadline for it, I work day and night, 7 days a week. This is probably bad for my family life, but I can\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t sleep unless I am done with my assignments.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 (Note: You should think of your weakness where because of your weakness (like the one above), still the e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 mployer benefits. DON\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 \hich\f1 
T SAY anything negative thing, like \'93\loch\f1 I cannot work long hours, it is hard for me pick up things, it is difficult for me to understand requirement documents etc)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is your salary requirement?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 $70k (negotiable), or ($35 per hour)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Please provide information (an example) of your experience testing Linux and UNIX environments (including type of system tested, how tested, actual commands and steps used for test) Testing applications using Linux and UNIX.

\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer: I have tested app\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lications using UNIX. For every backend testing I have done in the past, I have used UNIX platform while performing backend testing. For example, when the data is fed into the system in the front end, that data goes to the database after the batch process
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ng. From the database, the data is now sent to the ETL system (in XML format) for data manipulation as per our need (ETL is a software tool of Ab Initio company which is used to manipulate data in the data warehouse). In the ETL system, we manipulate thos
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 data according to our need), for example, it could be income statement of the company, balance sheet, monthly reports, and so on. In order to produce income statement, we need to run a job in ETL. To run this job, we use UNIX. In the same way, different 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ypes of jobs are created for each need (creating balance sheet is another job, creating reports is next job etc) then I had to run different jobs in the ETL system. Once we run the job, the running job finally creates an output file which is now validated
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
by us tester. This output file can be in text format or GUI format. Thus, this is the scenario where I had to use UNIX. (I have used Linux much, however, since UNIX and Linux are the same thing, I should have no problem in using Linux)
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Some of the commands I used while testing using UNIX are;
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Ls \hich\f1 \endash \loch\f1 l \hich\f1 \emdash \emdash \emdash \loch\f1 >to check the file list
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Pwd\hich\f1 \emdash \emdash \emdash \loch\f1 -> to see which directory I am in
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cd \hich\f1 \emdash \emdash \emdash \endash \loch\f1 >change the directory
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cd .. \hich\f1 \emdash \emdash \emdash \loch\f1 >change the directory one level up
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Mkdir \hich\f1 \emdash \emdash \emdash \loch\f1 >make a directory
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Rmdir \hich\f1 \emdash \emdash \emdash \loch\f1 >Delete the dir\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ectory
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 setenv name v \hich\f1 \emdash \emdash \loch\f1 >Set environment
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 kill% \hich\f1 \emdash \emdash \endash \loch\f1 >Kill the running job
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 vi \hich\f1 \emdash \emdash \emdash \loch\f1 >editor Used to write scripts
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 more\hich\f1 \emdash \emdash \loch\f1 -> to see the contents page by page
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cat \hich\f1 \emdash \endash \loch\f1 >list contents of the file
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 chmod \hich\f1 \emdash \emdash \endash \loch\f1 >change permission
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cp \hich\f1 \emdash \emdash \endash \loch\f1 >copy
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rm \hich\f1 \emdash \endash \loch\f1 >delete a file
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 How do you do\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  risk assessment? (This question was asked to Mona in her interview)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Answer:  (This is what Mona answered):  The risks by understanding the infrastructure of the application, hard drive and system capabilities etc. Also added \'93\loch\f1 Risk and Mitigation Strateg
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 y\'94\loch\f1 
 column within the test plan. The major risk for the company was system getting crashed upon receiving several hits by the users . Company did not set any metrics at the development phase as to what it can handle. I told him that i noted mitigation stre
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 egy to deal with each known risk within the test plan.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 CLICK HERE FOR MORE QUESTIONS\'85\'85\'85\'85
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is SQL and how is it used?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  The following are the some of the things that a tester has to know (but may not be asked in the interview)What is a cookie?  (You mu\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 st know how to clean cookies)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A small text file of information that certain Web sites attach to a user\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s hard drive while the user is browsing the Web site. A Cookie can contain information such as user ID, user preferences, archive shopping cart informati\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 on, etc. Cookies can contain Personally Identifiable Information. 

\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Does a tester have to know about cookie?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Yes.  A tester has to know HOW TO CLEAN cookies (Does not have to know the difinition).
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Why do we need to clean cookies?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A tester can clean cookies by opening Internet Explorer browser and Firefox browser (whatever you are using).  We need to clean cookies BECAUSE:
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 When we get a new build (what is a build?  See qaquestions.com), we must clean cookies.  (Remember, once the de\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
velopers fix the defects, the configuration team makes a build and this process continues until the product (application) is ready to handover to the customer).  If we don\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
t clean cookies, then there is a possibility that we may get the same error which w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s already fixed by the developer.  Why?  Because the error is sitting inyour computer hard drive and the computer feels easy to get the same information from the hard drive rather than going to the server and pulling new thing for the same thing.  For exa
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ple, let us say, when you were testing a page, there was a button called \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 OK\'94\loch\f1 \hich\f1 .  The client decided that \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 OK\'94\loch\f1 
\hich\f1  is NOT the right button here, therefore, that button name was changed from \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 OK\'94\loch\f1 \hich\f1  to \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Continue\'94\loch\f1 \hich\f1 .  Accordingly, you wrote a defect saying that \'93\loch\f1 
\hich\f1 OK\'94\loch\f1  b\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 \hich\f1 tton should be changed to \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Continue\'94\loch\f1 \hich\f1  button.  Now, this defect is fixed (the developer changed the \'93\loch\f1 
\hich\f1 OK\'94\loch\f1 \hich\f1  button to \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 Continue\'94\loch\f1 \hich\f1 ). Now, you started testing, there is a possibility that you might see \'93\loch\f1 \hich\f1 OK\'94\loch\f1 
 button again.  Why?  Because you DID NOT clean your coo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 k\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ies. 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Therefore, you must clean your cookies before you starting testing a new build.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 How to clean cookies?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Cookies are cleaned in the browsers like IE (Internet Explorer), Firefox, Safari (for MAC and windows both), Netscape and so on.  
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 However, the m\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ostly used (90%) browser is IE (Internet Explorer)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Here is how you clean cookies in IE (Internet Explorer):
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1.  Open IE (Internet Explorer)
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2.  On the menu, click Tools\hich\f1 \endash \loch\f1 >Internet Options\hich\f1 \endash \loch\f1 >Click Delete button (It is in General Tab)
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1     (You will see dif\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ferent buttons now, for example, Delete Files, Delete Cookies, Delete History, Delete Forms, Delete Passwords,
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Delete All).
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3.  Click Delete All button.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Now the cookies are cleaned in IE.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Here is how you can clean cookies in Fire Fox:
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 1.  Open Firefox Brower.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 2.  Click Tools.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 3.  Click Error Console.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 4.  Click Clear.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Now the cookies are cleaned in Firefox.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What are different types of protocols?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -Generally, a Tester does NOT necessarily have to know different types of protocols.  Th\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
is is Network Engineers job.  However, if you want to know more for your knowledge, you can visit:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_network_protocols.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is Web Architecture?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 -A tester does not necessarily have to know this unless you are a very S\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
enior Tester testing networks and doing some kind of development. However, if you want to know more about it, please visit:  http://www.objs.com/survey/WebArch.htm
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Does a Tester need SQL?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Answer:  Yes.  For a Tester, SQL is needed.  I had the same questi\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
on in mind becore I came to the actual implication-what is SQL used for?  And now, I know that when we do the backend testing (see qaquestions.com for details), we need to write SQL queries to retrieve the data from the database and compare this data to t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 h\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e one with reports or output.  Another scenario is, if something goes wrong in the application, for example, if there is an error, then we might have to write SQL queries to retrieve the data from the database and check what went wrong.  Let\hich\f1 
\rquote \loch\f1 s say, we nee\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 to check in the Error Log table what went wrong.  To check this, we open the database, go to Error Log table and find out that happened.  In the Error Log table, there are many records, so which one is your error then?  To find out which one is yours, we
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
need to write SQL queries. Example, you logged in to the application with User ID=devin99 and password=sn992jj.  Now, to retrieve your record, you can write a query some thing like this:  select * from Error_Log where userID=devin99;  This query will retr
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ev your record only so that you can see what happened.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 What is a \hich\f1 \lquote \loch\f1 Show Stopper\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 ?
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 A show stopper is a defect or bug that stops the user for further action (testing).  It has no work around.  In other words, it stops every thing and the user cannot go an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
y futher.  This is called show stopper in software industry languague.  (This is not an interview questions, but you have to know this terminology)
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec594f6fdb3614bf0fd87720746f6327761a07758ad8b19b2d4d1bc46e871e698996d850a240d2497d1bdae38001c3ba618715d86d87615b8116d8
a5fb34d93a6c1dd0afb0475292c5585e9236d88aad3e2412f9e3fbff1e1fa9abd7eec70c1d1221294fda5efd72cd4324f1794093b0eddd1ef62fad79482a9c04
98f184b4bd2991deb58df7dfbb8ad755446282607d22d771db8b944ad79796a40fc3585ee62949606ecc458c15bc8a702910f808e8c66c69b9565b5d8a314d3c
94e018c8de1a8fa94fd05093f43672e23d06af89927ac06762a049136785c10607758d9053d965021d62d6f6804fc08f86e4bef210c352c144dbab999fb7b471
7509af678b985ab0b6b4ae6f7ed9ba6c4170b06c788a705430adf71bad2b5b057d03606a1ed7ebf5babd7a41cf00b0ef83a6569632cd467faddec9699640f671
9e76b7d6ac355c7c89feca9cccad4ea7d36c65b258a206641f1b73f8b5da6a6373d9c11b90c537e7f08dce66b7bbeae00dc8e257e7f0fd2badd5868b37a088d1
e4600ead1ddaef67d40bc898b3ed4af81ac0d76a197c86826828a24bb318f3442d8ab518dfe3a20f000d6458d104a9694ac6d88728eee2782428d60cf03ac1a5
193be4cbb921cd0b495fd054b5bd0f530c1931a3f7eaf9f7af9e3f45c70f9e1d3ff8e9f8e1c3e3073f5a42ceaa6d9c84e5552fbffdeccfc71fa33f9e7ef3f2d1
17d57859c6fffac327bffcfc793510d26726ce8b2f9ffcf6ecc98baf3efdfdbb4715f04d814765f890c644a29be408edf3181433567125272371be15c308d3f2
8acd249438c19a4b05fd9e8a1cf4cd296699771c393ac4b5e01d01e5a30a787d72cf1178108989a2159c77a2d801ee72ce3a5c545a6147f32a99793849c26ae6
6252c6ed637c58c5bb8b13c7bfbd490a75330f4b47f16e441c31f7184e140e494214d273fc80900aedee52ead87597fa824b3e56e82e451d4c2b4d32a423279a
668bb6690c7e9956e90cfe766cb37b077538abd27a8b1cba48c80acc2a841f12e698f13a9e281c57911ce298950d7e03aba84ac8c154f8655c4f2af074481847
bd804859b5e696007d4b4edfc150b12addbecba6b18b148a1e54d1bc81392f23b7f84137c2715a851dd0242a633f900710a218ed715505dfe56e86e877f0034e
16bafb0e258ebb4faf06b769e888340b103d3311da9750aa9d0a1cd3e4efca31a3508f6d0c5c5c398602f8e2ebc71591f5b616e24dd893aa3261fb44f95d843b
5974bb5c04f4edafb95b7892ec1108f3f98de75dc97d5772bdff7cc95d94cf672db4b3da0a6557f70db629362d72bcb0431e53c6066acac80d699a6409fb44d0
8741bdce9c0e4971624a2378cceaba830b05366b90e0ea23aaa241845368b0eb9e2612ca8c742851ca251ceccc70256d8d87265dd96361531f186c3d9058edf2
c00eafe8e1fc5c509031bb4d680e9f39a3154de0accc56ae644441edd76156d7429d995bdd88664a9dc3ad50197c38af1a0c16d684060441db02565e85f3b966
0d0713cc48a0ed6ef7dedc2dc60b17e92219e180643ed27acffba86e9c94c78ab90980d8a9f0913ee49d62b512b79626fb06dccee2a432bbc60276b9f7dec44b
7904cfbca4f3f6443ab2a49c9c2c41476dafd55c6e7ac8c769db1bc399161ee314bc2e75cf8759081743be1236ec4f4d6693e5336fb672c5dc24a8c33585b5fb
9cc24e1d4885545b58463634cc5416022cd19cacfccb4d30eb45296023fd35a458598360f8d7a4003bbaae25e331f155d9d9a5116d3bfb9a95523e51440ca2e0
088dd844ec6370bf0e55d027a012ae264c45d02f708fa6ad6da6dce29c255df9f6cae0ec38666984b372ab5334cf640b37795cc860de4ae2816e95b21be5ceaf
8a49f90b52a51cc6ff3355f47e0237052b81f6800fd7b802239daf6d8f0b1571a8426944fdbe80c6c1d40e8816b88b8569082ab84c36ff0539d4ff6dce591a26
ade1c0a7f669880485fd484582903d284b26fa4e2156cff62e4b9265844c4495c495a9157b440e091bea1ab8aaf7760f4510eaa69a6465c0e04ec69ffb9e65d0
28d44d4e39df9c1a52ecbd3607fee9cec7263328e5d661d3d0e4f62f44acd855ed7ab33cdf7bcb8ae889599bd5c8b3029895b6825696f6af29c239b75a5bb1e6
345e6ee6c28117e73586c1a2214ae1be07e93fb0ff51e133fb65426fa843be0fb515c187064d0cc206a2fa926d3c902e907670048d931db4c1a44959d366ad93
b65abe595f70a75bf03d616c2dd959fc7d4e6317cd99cbcec9c58b34766661c7d6766ca1a9c1b327531486c6f941c638c67cd22a7f75e2a37be0e82db8df9f30
254d30c1372581a1f51c983c80e4b71ccdd28dbf000000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f74
68656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f24
51eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198
720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528
a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000
000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000
002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468
656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b000016000000000000000000
00000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000000000
00000000000000009b0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000960a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f000000000000000000000000c0f4
5bf6c1c2cc01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}